Now I finally understand why this project has been surprisingly difficult/tricky

1. I have no clue how Python files are visible to each other.
When we type "import json", how does the current file know where json is located?
If I wanted to import variables from a file in the cwd, how I can let Python know where to look?
What if I wanted to import from a parent directory or a subdirectory?

2. I have no idea what is being abstracted!
Object-oriented programming lets you model systems quite easily and intuitively.
But to get value out of it, you must understand the system being modelled in the first place, otherwise the intuition just won't be present.
What's AirBnB? I've heard of it but I've never used it nor paid much attention to it. I don't know how it's supposed to work.
In contrast, if we were modelling something like a VirtualPet or a School, myself and most people probably have some intuition for that so each step would be clear
Why ALX didn't just ask us to design simple games (e.g. PingPong or BinarySearch game) is beyond me.
That's a lot more fun than AirBnB and better builds intuition for how OOP works in Python. But, what do I know...

3. My knowledge of JSON serialisation is a bit meagre.
I haven't had time to really learn what's going on in depth. Much of my effort has been spent merely trying to pass the checks rather than understand the concepts.


sigh. These past few months have made me realise that I don't like Python very much.
C may be tricky and difficult in its own right, but it tends to be unambiguous about its rules.
In addition, the type system keeps things organised. C code just tends to be more structured from my experience so far, which makes it easier to debug.
Python code on the other hand tends to feel rather ad-hoc most of the time.
Either it's unclear what the rules and best practices are, or it's not clear why the rules are the way they are.
I never thought I'd meet the day when I understand C more than I understand Python.
Python's OOP definitely isn't the most elegant. I need a break so I can properly understand this stuff.
